Updated root to parent terminology (#7872)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/set-up-your-team-hierarchy.md

| Column name   | Required | Description   |
----------------|----------|---------------|
| DisplayName    | Yes      | This field is the name of the node. The name can be up to 100 characters long and contain only the characters A-Z, a-z, and 0-9. Node names must be unique. |

> | ParentName    | Yes       | This is the name of the parent node. The value you specify here must match the value in the **DisplayName** field of the parent node exactly. If you want to add more than one parent node, separate each parent node name with a semicolon (;). You can add up to 25 parent nodes, and each parent node name can be up to 2500 characters long. A node can have multiple parent nodes.   <br><br>**IMPORTANT** Be careful not to create a loop where a parent higher up in the hierarchy references a child node lower in the hierarchy. This isn't supported. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ParentName    | Yes       | This is the name of the parent node. The value you specify here must match the value in the **DisplayName** field of the parent node exactly. If you want to add more than one parent node, separate each parent node name with a semicolon (;). You can add up to 25 parent nodes, and each parent node name can be up to 2,500 characters long. A node can have multiple parent nodes.   <br><br>**IMPORTANT** Be careful not to create a loop where a parent higher up in the hierarchy references a child node lower in the hierarchy. This isn't supported. |
```
